cluster Upgrade
1. From v1.14.x to v1.16.3


Application Security Monitoring
1. Infrastructure vulnerabilities

Automation
1. AWS Secret key rotation
2. User experience report (success vs failed response)


SNOW Form Implementation
1. Gathered all operational requirements to meet user expectation to submit support and Enhancement Request
2. Desinged flow chart, cataogue prototype and jira integration
3. Documented the feedback from our ESMS team and PM
4. Worked with SNOW team
5. Tested, Implemented and delivered to users


Support Ticket Analysis
1. Observe and record the ESMS support requests/issues and scenarios
2. Classify the data into measurable, manageable and auditable data.
3. Analyse the data and identify top contributors
4. Create an excel dashboard to visualise the data analysis
5. Listed the required runbook for vault issues (Top contributor) 

Runbook creation for vault top contributors

To improve self service capability and operational efficiency of the vault user by creating the following SOPs

1. Runbook - Policy and Permission Issues in Vault
2. Manual Update of AD Group Object ID in Vault Identity Alias Group Mapping
3. Runbook - Self-service Portal to identify AD Group membership, Policy & Permissions
4. Runbook - Missing Team-Wide Azure AD Group Membership
5. Runbook - Vault Policy Misconfiguration
6. Runbook - Vault Path Configuration Issue
7. Runbook - User Errors in Vault: Common Issues and Solutions
8. Runbook - Teammate can access, but the reported user cannot access the path
9. Runbook - Vault Path-Specific Issues
10.Runbook - Vault Configuration or Maintenance Issues

Terraform Pipeline Integration with Teams Channel
1. Email alerts are not organised previously.
2. Enabled webhooks to trigger the TFC failure alerts to MS Teams channel
3. Helped monitoring the daily reported failures and maintain the repos error free.

Support Tasks
1. Onboarding Walkthrough - Provided Guidance to users
2. Pipeline failures
3. Permission denial 
4. Approving the Merge Requests on priority
5. Handling SNOW automation failure alerts via SNOW


Fulfilled SNOW automated failures
1. To obtain the repeated errors and worked with SNOW team
2. Manually fulfilled the request


Future Plan FY25 - Q1
Vault Cluster upgrade






