cluster Upgrade
1. From v1.14.x to v1.16.3 with no downtime in SBX, NPD and PRD


Monitoring:
1. Application Security Monitoring: Vulnerability issue reported in GitLab - Exported the list and resolved
2. Integrated Terraform cloud pipeline with MS teams channel and addressed, resolved and documented the pipeline failures
3. Gitlab pipeline issues related to vault configuration addressed and resolved
4. Example: KMS key overpermissive nature, Access logs not enabled, Deletion protection disabled etc, those are all fixed and repos are error free

Automation:
 
1. Developed python script to validate the dynamic aws credentials worked properly after automatically rotating the individual IAM user's access and secret key.
2. Created the python script to fetch the Success (2XX and 4XX) and failure responses (5XX) from the LB's HTTP_Code backend


SNOW Form Implementation
1. Gathered all operational requirements to meet user expectation to submit support and Enhancement Request
2. Desinged flow chart, cataogue prototype and jira integration
3. Documented the feedback from our ESMS team and PM
4. Worked with SNOW team
5. Tested, Implemented and delivered to users (GETHELP and Enhancement request form)


Support Ticket Analysis
1. Observe and record the ESMS support requests/issues and scenarios
2. Classify the data into measurable, manageable and auditable data.
3. Analyse the data and identify top contributors
4. Create an excel dashboard to visualise the data analysis
5. Listed the required runbook for vault issues (Top contributor) 

Runbook creation for vault top contributors

To improve self service capability and operational efficiency of the vault user by creating the following SOPs


Terraform Pipeline Integration with Teams Channel
1. Email alerts are not organised previously.
2. Enabled webhooks to trigger the TFC failure alerts to MS Teams channel
3. Helped monitoring the daily reported failures and maintain the repos error free.

Support Tasks
1. Onboarding Walkthrough - Provided Guidance to users
2. Pipeline failures/Terraform pipeline issues
3. Permission denial issue in vault
4. Approving the Merge Requests on priority
5. Handling SNOW automation failure alerts via SNOW


Fulfilled SNOW automated failures
1. To obtain the repeated errors and worked with SNOW team
2. Manually fulfilled the request


Future Plan FY25 - Q1
Vault Cluster upgrade
